.TH slice2freeze 1

.SH NAME

slice2freeze - Generates Freeze map and index classes in C++.

.SH SYNOPSIS

slice2freeze [options] [files]

.SH DESCRIPTION

slice2freeze generates Freeze map and index classes in C++. The macro
__SLICE2FREEZE__ is defined during this compilation.

Full documentation for slice2freeze is available online at:
.br
https://doc.zeroc.com/display/Freeze37/slice2freeze+Command-Line+Options

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help\fR
.br
Displays a help message.

.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-version\fR
Displays the compiler version.

.TP
.BR \-DNAME\fR
.br
Defines the preprocessor symbol NAME.

.TP
.BR \-DNAME=DEF\fR
.br
Defines the preprocessor symbol NAME with the value DEF.

.TP
.BR \-UNAME\fR
.br
Undefines the preprocessor symbol NAME.

.TP
.BR \-IDIR\fR
.br
Add the directory DIR to the search path for #include directives.

.TP
.BR \-E\fR
.br
Print the preprocessor output on stdout.

.TP
.BR \-\-output-dir " " DIR\fR
.br
Place the generated files into directory DIR.

.TP
.BR \-d ", " \-\-debug\fR
.br
Print debug information showing the operation of the Slice parser.

.TP
.BR \-\-depend\fR
.br
Print dependency information to standard output by default, or to the
file specified by the --depend-file option. No code is generated when
this option is specified.

.TP
.BR \-\-depend\-xml\fR
.br
Print dependency information in XML format to standard output by default,
or to the file specified by the --depend-file option. No code is generated
when this option is specified.

.TP
.BR \-\-depend\-file " " FILE\fR
.br
Directs dependency information to the specified file. The output
format depends on whether --depend or --depend-xml is also specified.

.TP
.BR \-\-validate\fR
.br
Checks the provided command-line options for correctness, and does not
generate any code.

.TP
.BR \-\-header-ext " " EXT\fR
.br
Changes the file extension for the generated header files from the default h
to EXT.

.TP
.BR \-\-source-ext " " EXT\fR
.br
Changes the file extension for the generated source files from the default
cpp to EXT.

.TP
.BR \-\-add-header " " HDR[,GUARD]
.br
This option adds an include directive for the specified header at the
beginning of the generated source file (preceding any other include
directives). If GUARD is specified, the include directive is protected by the
specified guard.

.TP
.BR \-\-include-dir " " DIR\fR
.br
Modifies #include directives in source files to prepend the path name of each
header file with the directory DIR.

.TP
.BR \-\-dict " " NAME,KEY,VALUE[,sort[,COMPARE]]\fR
.br
Generate a Freeze map class named NAME using KEY as key and VALUE as value.
This option may be specified multiple times to generate several Freeze maps.
NAME may be a scoped C++ name, such as Demo::Struct1ObjectMap. KEY and VALUE
represent Slice types and therefore must use Slice syntax, such as bool or
Ice::Identity. By default, keys are sorted using their binary Ice-encoded
representation. Include sort to sort with the COMPARE functor class. If
COMPARE is not specified, the default value is std::less<KEY>.

.TP
.BR \-\-dict\-index " " MAP[,MEMBER] " " [,case\-sensitive|case\-insensitive][,sort[,COMPARE]]\fR
.br
Add an index to the Freeze map named MAP. If MEMBER is specified, the map
value type must be a structure or a class, and MEMBER must be a member of this
structure or class.

.TP
.BR \-\-index " " CLASS,TYPE,MEMBER " " [,case-sensitive|case-insensitive]\fR
.br
Generate an index class for a Freeze evictor. CLASS is the name of the class
to be generated. TYPE denotes the type of class to be indexed (objects of
different classes are not included in this index). MEMBER is the name of the
data member in TYPE to index. When MEMBER has type string, it is possible to
specify whether the index is case-sensitive or not. The default is
case-sensitive.

.TP
.BR \-\-dll-export " " SYMBOL\fR
.br
Use SYMBOL to control DLL exports or imports. This option allows you to
selectively export or import global symbols in the generated code.

.SH SEE ALSO

.BR slice2cpp (1),
.BR slice2freezej (1)
