.TH slice2java 1

.SH NAME

slice2freezej - Generates Freeze map and index classes in Java.

.SH SYNOPSIS

slice2freezej [options] [files]

.SH DESCRIPTION

slice2java generates Freeze map and index classes in Java. The macro
__SLICE2FREEZEJ__ is defined during this compilation.

Full documentation for slice2freezej is available online at:
.br
https://doc.zeroc.com/display/Freeze37/slice2freezej+Command-Line+Options

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help\fR
.br
Displays a help message.

.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-version\fR
Displays the compiler version.

.TP
.BR \-DNAME\fR
.br
Defines the preprocessor symbol NAME.

.TP
.BR \-DNAME=DEF\fR
.br
Defines the preprocessor symbol NAME with the value DEF.

.TP
.BR \-UNAME\fR
.br
Undefines the preprocessor symbol NAME.

.TP
.BR \-IDIR\fR
.br
Add the directory DIR to the search path for #include directives.

.TP
.BR \-E\fR
.br
Print the preprocessor output on stdout.

.TP
.BR \-\-output-dir " " DIR\fR
.br
Place the generated files into directory DIR.

.TP
.BR \-d ", " \-\-debug\fR
.br
Print debug information showing the operation of the Slice parser.

.TP
.BR \-\-depend\fR
.br
Print dependency information to standard output by default, or to the
file specified by the --depend-file option. No code is generated when
this option is specified.

.TP
.BR \-\-depend\-xml\fR
.br
Print dependency information in XML format to standard output by default,
or to the file specified by the --depend-file option. No code is generated
when this option is specified.

.TP
.BR \-\-depend\-file " " FILE\fR
.br
Directs dependency information to the specified file. The output
format depends on whether --depend or --depend-xml is also specified.

.TP
.BR \-\-validate\fR
.br
Checks the provided command-line options for correctness, and does not
generate any code.

.TP
.BR \-\-dict " " NAME,KEY,VALUE\fR
.br
Generate a Freeze map class named NAME using KEY as key and VALUE as value.
This option may be specified multiple times to generate several Freeze maps.
NAME may be a scoped Java name, such as Demo.Struct1ObjectMap. KEY and VALUE
represent Slice types and therefore must use Slice syntax, such as bool or
Ice::Identity.

.TP
.BR \-\-dict\-index " " MAP[,MEMBER][,case\-sensitive|case\-insensitive]\fR
.br
Add an index to the Freeze map named MAP. If MEMBER is specified, the map
value type must be a structure or a class, and MEMBER must be the name of a
member of that type. If MEMBER is not specified, the entire value is indexed.
When the indexed member (or entire value) is a string, the index can be
case-sensitive (default) or case-insensitive.

.TP
.BR \-\-index " " CLASS,TYPE,MEMBER[,case\-sensitive|case\-insensitive]\fR
.br
Generate an index class for a Freeze evictor. CLASS is the name of the index
class to be generated. TYPE denotes the type of class to be indexed (objects
of different classes are not included in this index). MEMBER is the name of
the data member in TYPE to index. When MEMBER has type string, it is possible
to specify whether the index is case-sensitive or not. The default is
case-sensitive.

.TP
.BR \-\-meta " " META\fR
.br
Define the global metadata directive META. Using this option is equivalent to
defining the global metadata META in each named Slice file, as well as in any
file included by a named Slice file. Global metadata specified with --meta
overrides any corresponding global metadata directive in the files being
compiled.

.SH SEE ALSO

.BR slice2freeze (1),
.BR slice2java (1)
